Great work. In this lesson,
you've learned about a number of statistical techniques that can be
used to set up and analyze your studies and experiments.
You learned about practical significance and
how it differs from statistical significance.
You used practical significance to make decisions about experiment size and length.
You learned about the potential usefulness of dummy tests.
Then you learned about a couple of warning points in analysis,
making a decision based on multiple metrics,
and making decisions based on early peaks at the results.
At this point, you've learned about
both conceptual and statistical principles to use in your experiments and studies.
I know that a lot of the principles and guidelines presented
in these lessons can be difficult to really comprehend,
until you've gotten some practice working with them.
In the next lesson,
you'll get some case study experience to practice what you've learned.